Greek Salad
This easy Greek salad recipe is our new favorite summer side dish!
Just 7 ingredients + a simple Greek salad dressing make it refreshing & delicious.

JUMP TO RECIPE

IMG GREEK SALAD

You only need 7 ingredients + an easy homemade Greek salad dressing to make it!
It’s been a hit at our family gatherings over the last few weeks – my mom even added it to her regular recipe rotation.
I hope you love it as much as we do!

IMG INGREDIENTS

A traditional Greek salad consists of sliced cucumbers, tomatoes, green bell pepper, red onion, olives, and feta cheese.
This classic combination is delicious, so I stick to it, just adding a handful of mint leaves for a fresh finishing touch.

My Greek Salad Dressing
I toss the veggies, olives, and feta cheese in an easy homemade Greek salad dressing. With just 5 ingredients + salt and
pepper, it’s super simple to whisk together, and it gives this easy Greek salad recipe a bright, zingy flavor.
It’s a simple mix of olive oil, red wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic, and dried oregano.

In addition to using them in the dressing, I like to sprinkle my salad with generous pinches of oregano and black pepper
for a fresh, peppery garnish.

Ingredients
For the salad
1 English cucumber, cut lengthwise, seeded, and sliced ¼-inch thick
1 green bell pepper, chopped into 1-inch pieces
2 cups halved cherry tomatoes
5 ounces feta cheese, cut into ½ inch cubes*
⅓ cup thinly sliced red onion
⅓ cup pitted Kalamata olives
⅓ cup fresh mint leaves

Dressing
¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil
3 tablespoons red wine vinegar
1 garlic clove, minced
½ teaspoon dried oregano, more for sprinkling
¼ teaspoon Dijon mustard
¼ teaspoon sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper

Instructions
1 Make the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, garlic,
oregano, mustard, salt, and several grinds of pepper.
2 On a large platter, arrange the cucumber, green pepper, cherry tomatoes, feta cheese,
red onions, and olives. Drizzle with the dressing and very gently toss. Sprinkle with a
few generous pinches of oregano and top with the mint leaves. Season to taste and serve.

SAVE RECIPE     PRINT RECIPE

FORM:
EMAIL
USERNAME
HOW HARD THIS RECIPE: EASY, OPTIMAL, HARD
DO YOU LIKE THIS RECIPE? CHECK
SHARE YOUR OPINION: MESSAGE
